doc(release): Prepare release notes for modules 23.10 (#2811)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.mdx

## Centreon MAP

### 23.10.1

Release date: `November 10, 2023`

<details open>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Server] Fixed issue when adding a Map on Debian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Fixed an issue that prevented the creation of a map on Debian.
```
